added the contributions md document (#19)
UBC-MDS/DSCI-532_2024_3_world-happiness-tracker: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to world-happiness-tracker Project

This document outlines how to contribute to the world-happiness-tracker dashboard project.

### Prerequisites

- Before making a substantial pull request, please open an issue to discuss the proposed change with the team first.
- For bug reports, please provide a minimal reproducible example.

### Pull request process

- Create a new Git branch for each pull request (PR).
- New code should adhere to the [PEP 8 style guide](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/).
- Include tests for new funcitonality.
- Update documentation accordingly.

### Writing Commit Messages

Please write a good commit message. Make sure the commit message explains the problem it is solving. Keep it simple and clear. [You can read through and follow this](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/).

### Coding Style

Consistency is important! Please keep style, formatting, and naming conventions consistent. 

### Code of Conduct

Participation in this project requires compliance with our [Contributor Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

### Attribution

> These contributing guidelines were inspired by the [Breast_Cancer_Predictor_Project]
> (https://github.com/ttimbers/breast_cancer_predictor).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These contributing guidelines were adapted from the guidelines of [Breast_Cancer_Predictor_Project](https://github.com/ttimbers/breast_cancer_predictor/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) and [dplyr](https://github.com/tidyverse/dplyr/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
